File::Temp - provides functions for generating temporary files

This is release V0.08 of File::Temp. This module can be used to
generate temporary files (providing a filename and filehandle) or directories.
Possible race conditions are avoided and some security checks are performed
(eg making sure the sticky bit is set on world writeable temp directories).

It could be considered to be in an early beta state since it has only been
tested on four operating systems.

Please let me know if it fails on other operating systems.

INSTALLATION

 % perl Makefile.PL
 % make
 % make test
 % make install

Currently the tests are not very good (a single test.pl) but do test every
command. A more thorough test of all functions will be provided for the next
release.

REQUIREMENTS

Requires perl 5.005 or newer.
Perl 5.6.0 will give access to extra security checks.

Written completely in Perl. XS is not required.

File::Spec greater than or equal to 0.8 is required.
Fcntl from perl5.5.670 or higher [but will work without it].
The above two modules are standard on Perl 5.6

PLATFORMS

Tested on the following platforms:

 RedHat Linux 6.1, perl 5.6.0
 Solaris 2.6, perl 5.6.0
 Windows NT 4, perl 5.6.0

 RedHat Linux 6.1, perl 5.005_03
 Digital Unix 4.0, perl 5.005_03

Still needs work on non-Unix platforms to adjust test severity (for example
stickyness test does not work on NT, and neither does unlink on an open
file). MEDIUM and HIGH security checks have only been tested on Unix.

AUTHOR

Tim Jenness <t.jenness@jach.hawaii.edu>

Copyright (C) 1999, 2000 Tim Jenness and the UK Particle Physics and
Astronomy Research Council. All Rights Reserved.  This program is free
software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the same
terms as Perl itself.

CHANGES IN THIS RELEASE

V0.08:
      - Improve performance by a factor of 3 over V0.07
      - Simplify the END block code
      - Ignore requests for HIGH or MEDIUM safety on platforms that 
        can not support it (rather than generating a fatal error)
      - Add OS/2 to list of platforms that can not unlink open file

V0.07:
      - Add support for perl 5.005. On perl 5.005 the HIGH and
        MEDIUM security levels are not supported due to changes in 
        the Fcntl module.

      - A benchmark has been added to the misc directory to compare
        IO::File->new_tmpfile, File::Temp and a simple creation wrapper
        around POSIX::tmpnam. On my Linux system File::Temp::tempfile()
        is an order of magnitude slower than the other two......

V0.06:
      - Add a test suite
      - Fix unlinking during the END blocks (was only removing the
        first file generated)
      - unlink0 can now be run on WinNT - the unlink of the file
        is now deferred to an END block since can not unlink an
        open file on WinNT
      - If the POSIX _PC_CHOWN_RESTRICTED symbol is not available
        it is assumed that "chown giveaway" is allowed.


V0.05: 
      - First release to CPAN
